【翻译分享】育碧官方的概述全系列刺客主角性格特征合集 by 恭迎悲惨cb人一位[lofter2388226277]
发表时间：2024-05-04
原文连接：https://lofter2388226277.lofter.com/post/30a629ef_2bbc2703a
tags：刺客信条


*做多了角色阅读理解之后，还是看看远处官方对每个刺客主角的描述吧……

带着这样的心情做了这个合集

观前提示：

1.文字来源为育碧官方网站的"Which Assassin are you"测试的全部结果

2.只包括刺客主角所以没有谢伊（b站有人曾经为测出谢伊重来4次未果大家务必注意了（鳕厨落泪）（拜托这也能屏让我过行不行）

3.人物按游戏发售时间排序。文字内容包括每个人五个关键词加一段描述

↓

STOIC/EFFICIENT/STUDIOUS/INTROVERTED/BRASH

You are Altair Ibn-La'Ahad,raised from birth to be an
Assassin.Cold,calculating, and driven by a search for truth.You are interested
in how people work and while you can occasionally be brash,those around you
admire your integrity.When an important job comes up,you're the one people go
to.

坚忍、高效、勤奋、内向、傲慢

你是阿泰尔*伊本-
拉阿哈德，从出生起就是一名刺客——冷酷，精于算计，被追求真理所驱。你对人们的工作方式很感兴趣，虽然你偶尔会很傲慢和鲁莽，但你周围的人都很钦佩你的正直可靠。当一项重要的工作出现时，人们会去找你。

  

CHARMING/GENEROUS/INSPIRING/FUNNY/FEARLESS

You are Ezio Auditore da Firenze.A strong,passionate leader driven by love for
your family and helping people.You can be charmingand quick to make lifelong
friends,even if those friends don't see the whole you at first.At the same
time,your grudges have a way of becoming lifelong as well.

迷人、大方、鼓舞人心、有趣、无所畏惧

你是佛罗伦萨的艾吉奥*奥迪托雷。一个强大而充满激情的领导者，被对家庭的眷恋和乐于助人的心情所驱动。你可以魅力十足，能很快交到一辈子的朋友，即使这些朋友一开始并没有完全了解你。与此同时，你的积怨也会伴随一生。

  

STUBBORN/TRUSTING/SECRETIVE/RESERVED/IDEALISTIC

You are Ratonhnhake:ton/Connor,an outsider driven by your values,like justice
and protecting those who cannot protect themselves.You are selfless and
fiercely loyal to both your friends and your ideals.While some might see you
as naive,you know what it takes to stay true to yourself.

固执、轻信、秘密、守口如瓶、理想主义

你是拉顿哈给顿/康纳，一个被你的价值观驱使的局外人，比如正义和保护那些无法保护自己的人。你是无私的，对你的朋友和理想都非常忠诚。虽然有些人可能会认为你很天真，但你知道如何做真实的自己。

  

RECKLESS/EFFICTENT/TACTFUL/INSATIABLE/CRITICAL

You are Edward Kenway,the Welsh pirate Assassin.You know what you want,who you
want to share it with,and how to get it - woe betide anything that gets in
your way.At the same time,you still remember all those who helped play a part
in your journey to (inevitable)success.

鲁莽、高效、策略、贪得无厌、批判

你是爱德华*肯威，威尔士的海盗刺客。你知道你想要什么，你想和谁分享，以及如何得到它——任何阻碍你的事情都会带来灾难。同时，你还记得那些在你（经常的）胜利之路上帮助过你的人。

  

WITTY/RESOLUTE/CHARISMATIC/BRASH EARNEST

You are Arno Dorian,a French Assassin driven ever forward by the need to find
one more mystery to solve.You respect the deep complexity of the world around
you even if you can't always perfectly understand it.Others might see you as
looking downon them,but you are just as grounded as anyone else.

机智、果断、魅力、傲慢、诚挚

你是亚诺*多里安，一名法国刺客，一直被一个谜题所驱使。你尊重你周围世界的深层复杂性，即使你并不总是完全理解它。别人可能会认为你看低了他们，但你和其他人一样脚踏实地。

  

REBELLIOUS/AMIABLE/IMPULSIVE/RELAXED/RESOURCEFUL

You are Jacob Frye,British Assassin and co-founder of the Rooks.Spontaneous,
relaxed,and optimistic;you know when to kick back and have a good time and
conversely,whento grab the bull by the horns.It's not that you don't like
grand plans - it's just that you can always see a way to improve them.

叛逆、和蔼、冲动、轻松、足智多谋

你是雅各布*弗莱，英国刺客，黑鸦帮的联合创始人。你自然，放松而乐观；你知道什么时候放松去享受美好时光，什么时候迎难而上。这并不是说你不喜欢宏伟的计划——只是你总能找到改进它们的方法。

  

PRACTICAL/SUBTLE/CLEVER/DIRECT/TACTICAL

You are Evie Frye,British Assassin and co-founder of the
Rooks.Inspired,inventive, and introspective;you can formulate and follow a
well-made plan from start to finish.Even if you have to keep others around you
in check,they still appreciate having the mastermind on their side.

实用、敏锐、机灵、直率、策略

你是伊薇*弗莱，英国刺客，黑鸦帮的联合创始人。你有灵感，有创造力且善于内省。你能从头到尾制定并遵循一个精心制定的计划。即使你必须控制你周围的人,他们仍会很感激有决策者站在他们这边。

  

PASSIONATE/SINCERE /CARING/VENGEFUL/HUMOROUS

You are Bayek,co-founder of the Hidden Ones.You are a person of extremes with
a deep,unyielding love for your friends and unrelenting anger for your
enemies.Despite all you've been through or perhaps because of it,when you
laugh among a group of friends -you laugh the hardest.

激情、真诚、关怀、复仇、幽默

你是巴耶克，无形者的联合创始人。你是一个极端的人，对你的朋友有着深厚而坚定的爱，对你的敌人有着无情的愤怒。不管你经历了什么，或者正因如此，当你在一群朋友中间笑的时候——你笑得最开心。

  

DETERMINED/DEVIOUS/HOLISTIC/TOUGH/ADAPTABLE

You are Amunet (born Aya), co-founder of the Hidden Ones with your husband
Bayek.You aim to personally better the

world and right the wrongs happening around you,all while laying the holistic
and practical groundwork to let others follow in your footsteps and do the
same.

决心、狡诈、全面、坚强、适应

你是阿蒙内特(原名艾雅)，与丈夫巴耶克共同创立了无形者。你个人的目标是让世界变得更好，纠正发生在你身边的错误，同时为别人跟随你的脚步做同样的事情奠定全面和实际的基础。

  

LOYAL/BOLD/BLUNT/RESILIENT/INSTINCTIVE

You are Kassandra,a tough-as-nails mercenary from the Peloponnese who has been
lied to,betrayed,or left behind far too often,yet always comes out on the
other side.Resilient and resourceful,you are always ready forthe next
challenge,no matter what it may be.

忠诚、勇敢、直率、坚韧、本能

你是卡珊德拉，一个伯罗奔尼撒的坚韧雇佣兵，经常被欺骗、背叛或抛弃，但总能站在它们的另一边。带着韧性和机敏，你总是准备好迎接下一个挑战，无论它可能是什么。

  

AMBITIOUS/SHREWD/DEVOTED/CONFIDENT/PROTECTIVE  

You are Eivor Varinsdottir,a fierce warrior driven to protect your loved ones
from the hardships of the world,even if it means you weather those hardships
alone.You are honest,honor-bound,and loyal.While you may be slow to warm
up,once new people can be trusted,they'll be as close as family.

远志、精明、忠心、自信、保护倾向

你是艾沃尔*瓦林斯多蒂尔，一个凶猛的战士，被保护你所爱的人免受世界上的苦难所驱使，即使这意味着你独自承受这些苦难。你是诚实的，受荣誉约束的，忠诚的。虽然你可能会需要时间适应，但一旦你可以信任新的朋友，他们与你就会像家人一样亲密。

  

SCHOLARLY/CURIOUS/CUNNING/REFLECTIVE/FEROCIOUS

You are Basim Ibn Ishaq,a street thief recruited to the Hidden Ones,always
trying to explain and reconcile the world around you.Introspective with an
occasional facade,you are skilled at maneuvering through complex situations.
Only with your closest friends do you reveal the real you.

博识、好奇、诡诈、深思、暴烈

你是巴辛姆*伊本*伊沙克，一个被无形者招募的街头小偷，总是试图解释和调解你周围的世界。你十分内省，偶尔还会摆出一副假象，善于处理复杂的情况。只有在最亲密的朋友面前，你才会显露真实的自己。




